FIX: tag collision warning (#183)
nf-core/seqinspector: docs/usage.md

Another [example samplesheet](../assets/samplesheet.csv) has been provided with the pipeline.

### tags

Tags can be used to group samples in special reports, for example in the MultiQC per tag report.
They are optional and can be used for any purpose you like.
For example, you could use them to group samples by experimental condition, or by sequencing run.
Tags are meant to be case-sensitive and should be separated by a colon (`:`) if you want to use multiple tags for a sample.

> Some file systems are not case sensitive, so we recommend precaution when using similar tags with different cases on such file systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some file systems are not case sensitive, e.g. on MacOS. We recommend precaution when using similar tags with different cases on such file systems.
```
